DDI-404 [Contextual Doc] Android Guide (#558)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sdks/android-kotlin/index.md

## Getting started

> Check out a sample project [here](https://github.com/amplitude/Amplitude-Kotlin/tree/main/samples/kotlin-android-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out an [example Android project](https://github.com/amplitude/Amplitude-Kotlin/tree/main/samples/kotlin-android-app).
```
For accessibility, we aim to make hyperlinks clear and distinct so anyone reading _just the link text_ will have an idea of where it's going to take them. I will usually do a mental exercise where I imagine the user is using a screenreader, and ask does the hyperlinked text make sense? If you're curious about the standard, you can read about it here: https://www.boia.org/wcag2/cp/2.4.4 (no pressure, I just like giving 'sources' for my 'rules' 😂 

Also, consider adding a little bit about why they should check out the Android project. Why are we offering that resource to them? Will it help them get started faster? Will it give them ideas of how to instrument? 
Maybe aim for something like this: 

> For instrumentation ideas, check out an [example Android project](https://github.com/amplitude/Amplitude-Kotlin/tree/main/samples/kotlin-android-app).

> To get started fast, check out an [example Android project](https://github.com/amplitude/Amplitude-Kotlin/tree/main/samples/kotlin-android-app).

Author: Good to learn the hyperlink standard and totally agree with that. Asking those questions also helps me when writing and have a more clear structure. 

Resolved  as I changed it in quickstart guide

### Step 3: Initialization

> Before you can instrument, you must initialize the SDK using the [API key](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/analytics/find-api-credentials/) for your Amplitude project. Amplitude recommends doing the initialization in the Main Activity, which never gets destroyed, or the Application class if you have one. After it's initialized, you can use the Android SDK anywhere in your Android application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can instrument, you must initialize the SDK using the [API key](../analytics/find-api-credentials/) for your Amplitude project. Amplitude recommends doing the initialization in the Main Activity, which never gets destroyed, or the Application class if you have one. After it's initialized, you can use the Android SDK anywhere in your Android application.
```

We use relative links to other developer docs. They can be really tricky in this project so if you have any issues with them, slack me.

Author: Resolved as changed to relative links in quickstart guide

    )
    ```

### Step 4: Send events

```kotlin
// Track a basic event
amplitude.track("Button Clicked")
// Track events with optional properties
amplitude.track(
  "Button Clicked",
  mapOf("buttonColor" to "primary")
)
```

> Events tracked are buffered locally and flushed every 30 seconds. After calling track() in your app, you may wait several seconds to see data appear on the Amplitude website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events tracked are buffered locally and flushed every 30 seconds. After calling `track()` in your app, it may take several seconds for event data to appear in Amplitude.
```
Do my edits change the meaning? Edited to be a bit more clear about what the user should expect.

Author: Your edits don't change the meaning at all. I used ChatGPT to polish the sentence and got the similar edits as yours! 

Resolve this as it has been changed in quickstart guide

### Step 5: Check for success

> Go to your Amplitude project, click Data in the navigation bar, and view events just sent by clicking Events on the left sidebar. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to your Amplitude project, click **Data** in the navigation bar, then click **Events** on the left sidebar to view the events that were sent. 
```

Don't send push notification events client-side via the Android SDK. Because a user must open the app to initialize the Amplitude SDK in order for the SDK to send the event, events aren't sent to the Amplitude servers until the next time the user opens the app. This can cause data delays.

> You can use [mobile marketing automation partners](https://amplitude.com/integrations?category=mobile-marketing-automation) or the [HTTP API V2](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/analytics/apis/http-v2-api/) to send push notification events to Amplitude.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [mobile marketing automation partners](https://amplitude.com/integrations?category=mobile-marketing-automation) or the [HTTP API V2](../analytics/apis/http-v2-api/) to send push notification events to Amplitude.
```

Reviewer: changed absolute link to relative.
